1. In a few sentences, describe the general architecture of your entire layout with the network monitor and interface monitors. 
What does each do? [0.5 mark]
    The network monitor and interface monitor both connect to each other through the same socket. One network monitor will create 
multiple child processors. Each child processor called the interface Monitor, passing in the interface name as a parameter. 
Once connected, the interface monitor will keep printing the statistics, and network monitor waits until further instructions 
about link down and set link up to send to interface monitor.

2. Could the interface monitor and network monitor all be contained within one process, if so how? [0.5 mark]
    Yes it's possible. Instead of using the current socket, we will design a single software program that 
combines the functionalities of both monitoring tasks. First monitor step is the Interface Monitor itself, where we use ioctl 
to get statistics about the interface. Second monitor will be using threads or "libpcap" library to monitor the network traffic.

3. Could the interface monitor and network monitor all be contained within one process, assuming 128 network interfaces running 
at several Giga-bits per second, which require a polling interval of one millisecond per interface. [0.5 mark]
    In this case, the required polling rate and the volume of data to be processed can become too demanding for a single process 
to handle efficiently. 128 network interfaces will take up a lot of CPU time. Moreover, we have serveral Giga-bits per second, the 
data volume to be analyzed in 1 process is too much. Therefore, it's better to deal with each network interface individually in threads,
or in parallel. 

4. What is a software defined network? In doing so, describe the applications layer, the control layer, and the forwarding layer. 
    A Software-Defined Network separates network control from data forwarding (network devices). The Applications Layer provides 
network services, the Control Layer manages the network through the SDN controller, and the Forwarding Layer handles packet 
forwarding based on rules programmed by the controller.